["STONE OCEAN"
by ichigo playing]
[Pale Snake] All right,
Sports Maximum.
Listen carefully.
On Earth,
much akin to how the ratio
of water to land is
seven parts to three,
the souls of living things
have a perfect set amount.
It's crucial to maintain
the balance of things.
As the population
of Earth increases,
it wouldn't be a mistake
to assume that
in accordance
with that rising number,
the same amount of living
creatures are in decline.
It would appear that
the number of souls
that exist in full
is a fixed constant.
But let me posit a theory,
what if one person were able
to possess several more,
or perhaps even thousands
more souls simultaneously?
What do you think such
a person has the power to see?
What will that
person's future hold?
And how soon will it
come to pass?
Well, I have absolutely
no idea.
But, it's definitely
a fascinating concept
to imagine coming true.
So, then, uh, what is it
you want me to do, exactly?
Well, Sports Maximum.
My request to you has to do
with this specific bone I own.
I want you to use your power
to attempt to modify
the state of this.
Do you think you can take
this bone and resurrect it?
Whose is it?
Is it from a human body?
Or something else?
That is irrelevant to you.
Let's just say
I took possession Nof it
from an old friend.
[Sports Maximum]
But it's just one single piece
of a far more complex whole.
How can I resurrect that?
Or do you have a stockpile
of all his other assorted
bones somewhere?
Is it possible to resurrect
something from just one bone?
Dio.
This is the one bone of his
that remains.
The rest became dust
and scattered
like ashes on the wind,
no longer of this world.
You must do this for me,
Sports Maximum.
But if you're incapable of it,
well then,
I'll be forced to take back
in full
the power I gave you before.
Believe me!
I understand that.
But don't worry,
because I've already done it.
Huh?
That's right!
I've already finished.
You're welcome!
[grunts]
[groans]
[Pale Snake]
What the hell is this?
The bone, huh?
Where did it go?
-[grunts]
-Start talking right now!
-Where is it?
-[choking]
What did you do
with the bone, fool?
I'm asking you where
his bone went.
You'd best answer me!
[choking]
I swear I don't know.
I mean
are we sure it's really Dio's?
[choking]
[grunts]
[pants]
I can't control it
with my power.
I'm just not strong enough.
It's bizarre to imagine
it would
move around on its own, but...
Ugh!
Yes, it's here somewhere.
I can sense it.
I can actually feel it moving
within the walls of this room.
Find it!
Start looking right now!
Agh! No, not yet!
Wait a minute, Sports Maximum.
Huh?
[Pale Snake]This can only mean
that I was right all along.
That the way to heaven
he kept tantalizing me with
does in fact exists,
and this proves it.
The search will continue,
but let's suspend it for now.
It's quite obvious. We must
let it decide its own course.
I'll observe it first,
then combine it
with Jotaro Cujoh's memories.
For everyone to find out
the real truth
once and for all!
[Sport Maximum]
I can feel the bone's presence
at the Maximum Security
Disciplinary Wing,
right as we speak.
It seemed someone might
have picked it up, though.
[grunts]
What you saw
were Sports Maximum's memories
-that Ermes found by chance.
-[pants]
Of course,
Jolyne's seen this, too.
What? Did Jolyne make it so she
can go to the Discipline Cell
Did Jolyne make it so she
just to find that
same bone belonging to Dio?
Yeah,
but it's way too reckless.
Pale Snake is definitely
gonna do his best
to take out Jolyne for good.
Especially now that
Sports Maximum's memories
were discovered.
If Jolyne stays there
by herself, she's done for.
The only reason I'm alive
right now is Jolyne, that's it!
But now, I have no idea
what I'm supposed to do.
Isn't there any way
you can help me?
Oh, no!
Even Weather Forecast
who is recovering
in the Medical Wing now.
Wouldn't be able
to go over there, either.
I really want to be helpful
in some way, too. But...
The isolated strict
Discipline Cell
in the Maximum Security
Disciplinary Wing
is on the southeast side
of the men's wing.
To get there,
you have to get on
the prisoner
transport vehicle,
so there's no shortcut
or bypass.
I've never even been there,
despite knowing that.
That's why I can't
protect Jolyne.
It's all I wanna do
but I don't know how.
I'm not asking you
to protect her.
All I need from you
is to take me to that building
on the down-low.
Hey, Crisscross!
Are you available to help us?
Forget Anastasia!
You can't rely on him.
Why not?
He's a Stand User, isn't he?
Hey, were you born
with this power or what?
Ugh.
You see? It's like I told you.
Anastasia is not worth it.
That guy will never cooperate,
no matter what.
How come?
[Emporio] It's because...
I'll do anything
if you'll help us.
If you get me to
the Discipline Cell Building,
I swear I'll make it worth
your while.
What do you say, buddy?
How about it?
Stop, F.F. Just let it go!
Both kindness and generosity
just aren't parts of
his personality.
-Huh?
-I mean, um...
Wait, so you haven't heard
of the name Anastasia?
-He's a cold-blooded murderer.
-[gasps]
In fact, his full name
is Narciso Anastasia.
Don't know what
might have triggered it,
but since he was a child,
he's had one bizarre habit.
No, it's not so much a habit,
as it is a syndrome.
One that compels him to
take everything
he touches apart.
There's seemingly no limit to
what he'll dismantle either.
When he was ten, he took apart
his neighbor's Porsche,
and he was in the hospital
for six months.
He's even taken apart
a high-voltage telephone pole.
And one time,
when he was 21,
he went to visit
his then-girlfriend,
showing up unannounced
late that night
at her apartment.
When he opened the door,
he found her in bed
with another man.
He wanted to ensure
they'd never be together again,
so he separated them
into dozens
of irreparable pieces.
[gasps]
He was arrested
and went through
a psychiatric evaluation.
The results were normal.
And that's why he ended up
here at the Aquarium.
There's no telling what
he would do
if Weather Forecast wasn't
holding him down
for safety's sake.
That's who he really is.
So, please forget it!
[F.F.] Shit!
But I have to get to Jolyne.
And I'll never make it
by myself.
I need reinforcements.
I mean, if I can ask
for a perfect backup,
it'll be him.
But it's bizarre.
This feeling...
If asking nicely won't work,
I'll let my F.F. bullets
do the talking.
They're pretty persuasive.
Dammit!
That's his Stand, though.
There's a pretty good chance
my first shot will go way wide.
Where am I even supposed
to aim?
I have to go in,
like it's the kill shot.
Otherwise, he won't even
acknowledge me,
much less obey me.
It's unnerving,
but I have to do it.
That's the whole reason
why I came here.
Okay, I'll help you.
-[gasps]
-If you really want,
I'll protect Jolyne Cujoh.
-[Emporio] Huh?
-I will, as you say, cooperate.
Also, if she's looking for
that bone or whatever it is,
that seems to be
in such demand,
then, I'll help find that, too.
We have to go.
She might be getting attacked
even as we speak right now.
[Emporio] Agh, wait! Anastasia!
What are you scheming to do?
Me? Scheming?
No, it's just as I said.
I'll protect her
with every power I have.
But, but you...
[Anastasia] Honestly,
I've come to like her,
everything about her
from my first view.
For example,
I respect her resolve to
go to the Discipline Cell
for her father.
She's quite admirable
to say the very least.
If I keep her safe
through this,
then I plan on making her
my bride.
That's the condition.
Got it?
You're F.F., right?
You said you'll do anything,
didn't you?
All right then,
give us your blessing.
No marriage is official
without one.
Huh? Did, uh, did he just say
what I think he said?
Am I going insane here?
He wants to marry Jolyne?
[gasps]
[Anastasia] Diver Drive!
[dramatic music playing]
[zapping]
[both gasp]
[guard] What the hell was that?
If we find you set off
a bomb in there, you're dead.
[screaming]
So... so it's in the wall
with the time delay.
Yes, that's Anastasia's Stand.
He has the power
of Diver Drive.
[Anastasia]
Give us your blessings.
[Father Pucchi] Hey,
just out of curiosity, Dio.
Out of all the ones
you've ever come across,
what was
the weakest Stand power?
I'd love to know.
It doesn't matter
whether it's one
that you happened to find
anywhere in the world,
or one that
you newly manifested.
For any pursuit in life,
people should find
an occupation
that best fits
their true personality.
A king would feel like a king,
and a chef would feel
like a chef, you see.
That's what it means
to live truly.
The same goes for Stands.
Strength and weakness
do not apply.
[Father Pucchi]
I phrased that badly.
I meant it more like
when little kids debate
about who'd win in a fight,
says Stallone or Van Damme.
[Dio] In that case,
the Stand I named Survivor
is the weakest.
It's beyond control.
Survivor? The name
sounds strong, though!
[Dio] It was the year 1982.
In the Lorraine region
of France,
a group of six hikers
met with disaster.
All six of them
perished totally.
After the recon team
examined the area
where the tragedy occurred,
they found evidence
of brutal combat.
They had all fought
literally to the death.
They had attacked
one another with so much force,
their bones shattered
instantly upon contact.
A tooth that had broken off
after being struck
was found half-buried
in the nearby rock.
The damage was so horrific.
Even the so-called winner
was hurt too badly
to descend and died
of his wounds as well.
As I found out later,
those people had stayed
at a mountain hut
the night before.
And had an altercation
with the owner of it.
One of the women there
cruelly insulted the man.
In fact, she told him
his body odor was vile.
Is it safe to assume the owner
of the hut was a Stand User?
[Dio] That's right!
But what did the owner do?
What was it that compelled
those people
to fight each other
to the death?
The answer is nothing at all.
Nothing externally, at least.
But deep in the recesses
of his brain,
anger was slowly beginning
to brew.
Before much longer,
that anger evolved enough
to become
a weak electric signal.
The signal then descended
through his entire
nervous system
and flowed into the ground.
That is Survivor.
The electric signal
traveled along
the surface of the ground,
directly toward the six people.
For the ground and shoes
to better conduct electricity,
the ground needs to be wet.
The electrical power a nerve
carries at any given time,
measures a mere
seven-hundredths of a Volt.
That's how little power
that Stand has.
Survivor's attacks make one
feel nothing,
and it does nothing.
Its effects
don't come close to things
like severely injuring
or controlling people.
Nor weakening them,
or even knocking them out.
It doesn't inflict
one external action.
-All it does is make them mad.
-[zapping]
It awakens combative instinct
in the limbic system
of people's brains.
Just a little at first,
and then it proliferates.
Because one woman
said he smelled bad,
he drove the entire group
into a bloody brawl.
One that ended in carnage.
[Father Pucchi]
Earlier, you said it
was beyond
anyone's control, right?
Yes, it's an unusable Stand.
It can't distinguish
between enemies and allies.
If there's infighting
among your subordinates,
your organization falls apart.
[Father Pucchi] So, then,
may I have that?
If you don't need it,
just the Stand.
[Dio] Are you going to remove
the power
and keep it as a disc?
Because if so...
that just might work out.
The exact right person
at the exact right place
and moment,
that time might be nigh.
Well, these mushrooms
might be okay to eat.
Guess I'll try some.
Not bad, actually.
[grunts]
-[banging on door]
-[Sonny] FE40536!
It's time for your shower.
Open up!
[gasps]
[screams]
My eyes!
[Sonny] Hah!
I told you, she did it!
-Look at that! She hid!
-[Jolyne whimpers]
She scurried under that bed
like a cockroach.
Looks like I win
for this cell.
That will be $20.
A deal's a deal!
Pay up, pal!
Damn! Come on, man!
All I got on me right now
is $15.
How about a discount?
Yeah, sorry, can't.
[laughs]
[Jolyne] Yeah, no shit!
Anyway...
Now, I just have to feel
around with my thread,
and hope I find the bone.
No, I have to find it!
What kind of bone is it,
anyway?
Ironic,
I don't even know yet.
Either way,
I know it's somewhere in
this Discipline Cell Building.
Someone in here has it.
If I get my hands on it first,
that creepy Pale Snake
will soon follow.
Also,
there's my father stolen
memory disc
that the bastard is still
holding onto.
Oh, hey, park it!
Who told you to stand up?
[gasps]
[yells]
-[screams]
-[Sonny laughs]
[Westwood] Heh, by the way,
what's the over-under
on some drama
at the Marlins game tonight?
[Sonny] I'm not holding
my breath.
The starting pitcher and
the on-field broadcaster
lady just broke up.
He'll be off his game tonight,
for sure.
[Westwood] I'll bet you
those $15 from earlier.
Huh, you've got a deal!
Seriously, you even have
the cash?
He's gonna get yanked
in the first inning. [laughs]
[Westwood] No way!
Three up, three down! Mark it!
[Sonny] Okay, sucker!
It's your money!
[chuckles]
Aren't you excited
for tonight?
-[grunts]
-[yelps]
Sorry about that!
This valve gets
a little sticky sometimes.
Oh, thanks a lot!
I've got nothing else
to change into
unless I go back to
the main building.
[zapping]
[growls]
Hey, what the hell
was that for?
I told you I was sorry.
It's not like
I splashed you on purpose, man.
Wait! What?
You're crazy!
I didn't touch you.
[both grunt]
-What is going on with you?
-[grunts]
There's no way I could
have hit you that hard.
-[both grunt]
-Back the fuck off, Westwood!
[Westwood]
Oh, you don't like that?
Well, payback's a bitch, Likir.
[grunts, groans]
[gasps]
-Asshole!
-Bastard!
[Westwood grunts]
Get off me!
[Sonny] Okay, fine! I give.
-I give, I said!
-[growls]
Stop, stop, stop!
Knock it off, please!
I'm sorry!
If you don't have a change
of clothes, I'll lend you some.
Is that gonna be okay
with you?
Come on,
let's stop this shit already.
Westwood, I've never seen you
this way.
You've gotta calm down.
What? Did someone put
hot sauce in your shorts?
What do you say,
little buddy?
We're still friends,
am I right?
[gasps]
[groans]
[exclaims]
Gotta hand it to you, old pal.
You pack a good punch!
I'm ready, bring it on!
What the actual hell is wrong
with these assholes?
Hold on! Could it be...
[Sonny]
Ugh, I'm getting excited.
What definition,
what sparkling vigor!
I can see every point of power
in that ripped leg.
Every single muscle is
a gorgeous work of art.
It's beautiful!
And I can tap right into
where all his strengths are.
I see the raw beauty
of battle, and I love it.
[Jolyne] Okay, this just got
even weirder.
And what's with their backs?
Those things that look like
flashlights or something.
[Westwood] Let's go!
Just FYI, you have no chance.
I'm gonna reduce you
to a stain on the floor.
[grunts painfully]
[growls]
[screams]
[groans]
Yeah! I am a Golden God!
[yells]
[Jolyne] Wait!
Is this actually
a Stand attack?
Is that guard the enemy?
No! The enemy
hasn't revealed itself yet.
But, this is a Stand.
I know it is.
This abnormality
is a Stand attack.
[Father Pucchi] "Do not give
what is holy to the dogs,
lest they trample them
under their feet,
and turn and tear you
in pieces."
Matthew 7:6.
Regrettably, Sports Maximum
is missing.
I don't know how or why
they were able to find out.
But there's no doubt they read
through Maximum's memories
and this is a rather
large problem.
To fix this, I've
sent four Stand Users
to the Discipline
Cell Building.
However,
If Jolyne Cujoh has
found her way
to the Discipline Cell,
in pursuit
of Dio's priceless bone.
[bell wailing]
I can not allow her
to live anymore.
There's no choice.
And I will make sure
it's done right.
I don't care how it happens
as long as
it's in the Discipline
Cell Building.
Those four people will do
anything and everything
to ensure the total eradication
of Jotaro's daughter.
Everything is riding on it.
Hang on!
Is he letting them out?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Westwood] I can see
your points of power.
And all of you!
[prisoners cheer]
I can see where
your strengths lie from here.
Your most dominant
muscle groups
and they're glorious.
Welcome to Fight Club!
Bring it on, bitches!
[all cheer]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]